Hyperledger Fabric Operator for Kubernetes (#176)
hyperledger-labs/hyperledger-labs.github.io: labs/hlf-operator.md

---
layout: default
title: Hyperledger Fabric Operator for Kubernetes
parent: Labs
---
# Lab Name
Hyperledger Fabric Operator for Kubernetes

# Short Description
Manage Hyperledger Fabric components at scale with a Kubernetes Operator.

# Scope of Lab

> I think there's a gap to deploy a Hyperledger Fabric network in Kubernetes, this project automates to automate the deployment.

Reviewer: [nitpick] The words such as `I think`, `this project`, `automates to automate` can be better framed. For example

```suggestion
There is a gap in the Hyperledger Fabric network deployment on Kubernetes. The proposal is to automate the deployment using the concept of Kubernetes Operators.
```

Reviewer 2: Added

The work will be focused on automating the creation of peers, orderers and CAs.

> I have some ideas I would like to share such as developing a User Interface, and I think this could be integrated natively with the [fabric-operations-console](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/fabric-operations-console) which was recently released.

Reviewer: [nitpick] This statement can be rephrased as follows

```suggestion
The proposal is for the deployment of a Hyperledger Fabric network on Kubernetes. This proposal can be integrated natively with the [fabric-operations-console](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/fabric-operations-console) which was recently released.
```

Reviewer 2: Added

# Initial Committers
Github IDs for the set of initial committers.
- https://github.com/dviejopomata
- https://github.com/dviejokfs

# Sponsor

> - https://github.com/dviejopomata

Reviewer: [Note on the sponsor section] The sponsor requirement is now an optional. A well connected member in the community (either TSC, SIG/WG Chair, Maintainer of a project) could be sponsor for the new Labs project. The idea was to introduce new members to the rest of the community and guide them through.

Reviewer 2: Added, though, It would be interesting to see if there's interest by HLF users, since probably the project needs a sponsor, do you know how to approach this?

Reviewer: Sure, easiest way you can reach out to maintainers of a project is to find their mail ids in the `MAINTAINERS.md` file of the project repository. I am sure Labs stewards here will be happy to help. I am happy to guide you through as well. My RocketChat goes by the same name @arsulegai .
There was another proposal in the past which is similar to what I see here. Maybe this proposal has potential to grow community, integrate with other projects.
